In this country , the beneficiaries of Apple 's success are , first , the designers , who have done wonders working with Steve Jobs to produce products that are beautiful and effective .
The problem with this argument is that China reports about 68 percent of the world 's aquaculture production , and the FAO , which has been burned by inflated Chinese statistics before , expresses doubt about its stated production and growth rates . ''
The soil exhaustion caused by the plantation system , as well as the relatively low productivity of forced labor , compelled planters to seek new lands to exploit .
The same complexity that leads to such malfunctions also creates vulnerabilities that human agents can use to make computer systems operate in unintended ways .
Threads of new awkwardness stretch out between them , and nature itself winks behind their backs and plays nasty tricks on them , scattering yellow clods of asters and groundsel , blanketing purple clover and pink flax , erecting stalks of huge -- but smelly -- purple arum flowers , sprinkling red buttercups , and hanging baby oranges and lemons on the trees around them .
Suppose Rok , an itinerant caveman , notices that his clan makes particularly good obsidian knives , while another , miles away , makes excellent bone needles , and still another makes fine loincloths .
Given that the Fed 's zero-interest rate policy ( ZIRP ) has lowered the yield on cash to almost zero -- earn a big 1\/10th of 1 percent on your cash -- the predictable result of the latest easing was a mad rush into risk assets such as precious metals , commodities , and stocks , which jumped 19 percent from June to early November . ''
He stands for the interests of ordinary people , and anyone who disagrees about anything is not merely wrong , but a `` hack '' or a `` liar , '' a bought-and-paid-for agent of Corporate America ( capital `` C '' mandatory ) .
This approach , still in the early stages of scientific development , uses the beta-blocker drug propranolol to help suppress the production of hormones in individuals exposed to extreme stress so they are not produced at dangerously high levels .
The Athenians would not be in this alone , and if they were , they would purchase goodwill and create a coalition through their massive bank account : `` In generosity we are equally singular , acquiring our friends by conferring , not ( by ) receiving favors .
We were blessed with some truly brilliant individuals : Ken , our cook , ended up writing numerous hot-selling cookbooks in later years ; Barbara stayed in child care and teaching ; one of our house-parents earned his PhD in divinity school ; and others moved into related social-work fields .
( The problem this helps to solve is that the larger the group , the easier it is for cheaters to slip through the cracks .
The boast that American workers are naturally superior to other workers and would therefore `` win '' in any fair competition is problematic at best and at worst , a pander to our national delusion of exceptionalism .
I enjoy a spirited debate much more than the next guy , but mocking a group of people ultimately reduces an argument to that of petty name calling and bickering .
His success depended on convincing skeptical swing voters that he was trustworthy and mainstream .
Though weapons of mass destruction are getting easier to produce , they are still not easy to produce .
They both follow the laws and the corollaries of the Unified Field Theory in every way , and they each end up working , only and always , on behalf of all that is evil , failed , and wrong and against all that is good , right , and successful .
Morrison County Attorney Brian Middendorf described Smith 's actions as `` appalling '' and stated that `` Mr. Smith intentionally killed two teenagers in his home in a manner that goes well beyond self-defense .
I hope that the outcome encourages those pessimistic about the readiness of Americans everywhere to listen to calm reason , accept the need for tradeoffs , and set our nation back on the course of greatness of which we are fully capable .
Also on The Good List you will find little ditties like : just be nice , polite , kind , thoughtful , generous , tolerant , funny , buoyant , helpful , clean , productive , considerate , positive , giving , and attentive .
Since most politicians are only too eager to claim credit for any positive development , this is n't usually an issue ; indeed , some political scientists try to explain everything politicians do as driven by efforts to take credit and avoid blame .
Local control also allowed for forced rotation , so that representatives did not serve more than a couple of terms , thus assuring fealty to local parties .
The bottom of the matter was emotional : `` Depression is primarily a malady of the affections of the business men ... Any proposed remedy , therefore , must be of such a nature as to reach this emotional seat of the trouble ... What is required is a business coalition ... loosely called a ` trust ' .
Although aquabusiness is efficient at turning fish into a commodity for markets given the extensive control that is executed over the productive conditions , it is even more energy inefficient than fisheries , demanding more fuel energy investment than the energy produced .43 Confronted by declines in fish stock , capital is attempting to shift production to aquaculture .
Unfortunately , and as Gottfried argues , Strauss never explains what he means by `` intention , '' nor does he explain how one might reproduce an author 's intention .
Gr \/ .
Gura argues that potential abuse of the Privileges or Immunities Clause should not deter advocates from using it when appropriate .
If a corporation harms you by selling you a defective product , you may sue the individuals who work for the corporation who actually caused the defect , as well as the corporation itself .
If a patient came to harm as a result of a counterfeit product , the company 's good reputation is in danger of disappearing , together with a loss of confidence in the products .
Only then can we end the massive leverage the greedy bastards use to keep politicians in line .
Reinhard Heydrich , Hitler 's personal favorite , is assassinated on a street corner ( the first killer 's gun jams , but the second hurls a hand grenade ) , and hundreds have to die or suffer horribly in the furious retaliation .
That is why , despite how exhausting it is , we must continue arguing with every idiot at every opportunity .
In particular , the bureau has focused on giving states clearer guidance on how to spend funding on improving quality and how to create consistent qualityrating systems .
To work well , such weapons must be dispersed in low-altitude aerosol clouds , and that process destroys 90 percent of the micro-organisms .
There is no certain way of distinguishing between defectiveness in the strain and defectiveness produced by malnutrition , neglected lesions originally curable , or overwork in childhood .
Oberoi , security at ` the hotel had metal detectors , but none of its security personnel carried weapons because of the difficulties in obtaining gun permits from the Indian government .
Recognizing that developers had created high-end gated communities with highly efficient use of space and materials , Goodemann thought of applying similar design elements to affordable housing when he helped launch the Southwest Minnesota Housing Partnership , a nonprofit community development agency , in 1992 .
It is Carver 's hard-earned and vulnerable wisdom that we are hungry for , not the disdainful toughness that Mr. Fixit thrust into his gentle creations .
But all the same , one yearns for avision of social change that relies as much on creating strong support networks for all as it does on the power of one-off individual altruism .
As Ginsburg suggested , a woman who is determined to have an abortion might suffer more profound anguish at enduring a procedure that her doctor considers less safe , or she might suffer just as much anguish if she ends her pregnancy with another , more common abortion procedure -- one that Kennedy insists is her constitutional right . ''
After 50 years of using this technology , it can be said without hesitation that nuclear power is far safer than fossil-fuel-fired plants in every conceivable way : accidents , environmental damage , health effects , long-term risk , you name it .
The similarities among blood relatives mean that they are likely to share values , and shared values can lead to easy solidarity because of what ecologists call mutualism and economists call positive externalities .
Not only are the benefits of markets the unintended byproducts of people motivated primarily by self-interest , but they are widely dispersed over the public ( or no one in particular ) and generated by an indirect process of market coordination that obscures the connection between the benefits created and the actions that make them possible .
It is on the Left ( think Daily Kos ) , the Right ( think talk radio ) , in our sports ( since McEnroe ) , our movies ( satirized in `` Anger Management '' ) , popular entertainment ( `` Rosie vs. Donald '' ) , our private lives , even our child rearing ( `` grrrrl power '' ) .
He concluded : `` Despite its economic successes and growing defense capabilities , China 's interna-tional influence will remain limited as long as it fails to evolve an attractive political system .
First came the Tea Party movement , which effectively harnessed the anti-Washington outrage coursing through the degraded GOP base .
Obviously , given what we know about the under-reporting of molestation , that figure must be a gross underestimate , and even if it was not , the problem would still be appalling : 200 instances of priestly victimization is 200 too many .
And if this happens repeatedly , as it should , the nerve impulses crackling in the brain will carry the signals for effective coping with stress over and over again -- building pathways that the baby can use later in life to solve problems and overcome difficulty .
In using the word `` wrongful , '' Congress apparently did not anticipate the unintended consequences that would result , when the legislation was eventually challenged in the courts .
But the general trend of spending was up , while the downward trend of prices remained within the bounds of underlying productivity gains and was for that reason perfectly benign : businesses could afford to sell their products for less as long as it was costing less to make them .
The degree of risk to New Orleans and to any vulnerable city is a function of two things : the consequences to human health and safety if the system were to fail and the probability of failure .
Horowitz exemplifies the irritating and threatening reminder to tyranny that human freedom and the triumph of the human spirit can ultimately never be suffocated or suppressed .
October 20 , 2010 : Based on a single case of a 19-year-old who came to Temple University Hospital in Philadelphia with chest pains after drinking Four Loko , ABC News warns that the stuff , which contains about one-third as much caffeine per ounce as coffee , can cause fatal heart attacks in perfectly healthy people .
CLARKE IS AWARE of the scope of cyber crime by individuals and private organizations , but he believes that the most serious cyber threat to the United States lies with states that have cyber weapons far superior to anything pos-sessed by individuals or organizations .
WHEN THE FEDERAL RESERVE WAS ESTABLISHED , MANY CHAMPIONED the fact that the new regime was creating an independent body that could establish monetary policy without influence from political interests .
( Even Chu recognizes that some inventions may not emerge in a reasonable time frame : He recently cut federal support for hydrogen-powered cars , arguing that widely deploying these vehicles in the next few decades would require `` four significant technological breakthroughs '' -- too improbable for even the most fervent believers in science .
`` The kind of motivation that results from pressure can get you certain kinds of test scores , but what happens is that the motivation and the learning do n't persist over time , '' says Edward Deci , a social psychologist and expert on motivation .
At any rate , Kauflin 's 1,500 offenders victimized 5,999 people , about four victims each .
Research on chronic disease and the effects of prevention indicates that nearly 60 percent of the chronic disease burden in the U.S. is accounted for by elevated blood pressure , high blood cholesterol , tobacco use , excessive alcohol consumption , low fruit and vegetable intake , and inadequate exercise .
Its precise numbers and methods of calculation have been debated and disputed , but the IOM found that medical error caused between 40,000 and 90,000 deaths annually , making it a greater killer than automobile accidents .
And while multiple embryo transfer is no more likely to result in a baby for women under 36 -- it 's just more likely to result in multiples -- for older women it raises what can be pretty bleak odds , making the client happy and bolstering the clinic 's success rates .
Even more important , people who were still employed but afraid they would soon be unemployed would regain confidence if unemployment fell and the threat to their own jobs thus receded .
Therefore , we can approximate the number of whites by merely subtracting the number of Asian and Hispanic names as well as an estimated black total based on the latter figure , and then determine the number of white Gentiles by also subtracting the Jewish total .
The essential nutrient , nitrogen , needed for making proteins , is provided by a number of species of bacteria ( free living as well as those living symbiotically on or in plant roots ) that are able to convert nitrogen gas in the atmosphere into amino acids , directly usable by plants , and to release mineral forms of nitrogen that plants can also use .
Wars were fought over it , and countries that had lots of salt made out well , while land-locked countries with no salt reserves were forced to sell their natural resources in exchange for it .
Yet the oil refining industry spends huge amounts of capital complying with government regulations , only to have the bureaucrats and politicians change their minds and change the rules and require the companies to spend even more to comply with regulations that continue to change and will never be satisfied .
But if much of the stimulus does n't come online until next year , when we are likely to be past the worst of the slowdown , then crowding out will greatly diminish the effectiveness of the stimulus , just as critics argue .
An acquaintance named Richard Rich is acting suspiciously and members of the More household , and no doubt More himself , suspect he is spying on the Lord Chancellor and is prepared to betray him to his enemies -- a suspicion borne out all too well by later events .
In that great paradox of the humid tropics , the same conditions that produced luxuriant rain forests created soil that was next to impossible to farm when the trees were cut down -- a fact familiar to any Brazilian farmer and understood by any tropical biologist , but unknown to Jim Jones and the planners of his would-be workers ' paradise .
Now they 're going to do an advanced program on how to deal with anybody who has Post Traumatic Stress Disorder because of the high number of suicides .
In 2009 Missouri Circuit Court Judge Richard Callahan declared Joshua Kezer innocent of the 1992 murder of college student Angela Mischelle Lawless , criticizing Hulshof for withholding exculpatory evidence and embellishing facts in his closing argument to jurors .
If a job is truly important to the nation 's future , then you want to make sure that the most able , talented people are doing it -- and doing their best work at all times .
Last year , they ballooned to battalion-sized units of 400-plus fighters that engaged 30,000-strong NATO forces in pitched gun battles , reported retired Gen. Barry R. McCaffrey , a former U.S. drug czar , following his second fact-finding mission to Afghanistan .
Redistributive land reform and a reversal of dominant trade policies hold the promise of change toward a smaller farm , family-based or cooperative model , with the potential to feed people , lead to broad-based economic development , and conserve biodiversity and productive resources .
In her introductory remarks for Reverend Peterson , she stated , `` Most importantly , this man does not just talk , he walks the walk every day of his life and works tirelessly to provide disadvantaged young men the support that he was denied to become productive , loyal , law-abiding American citizens .
If cooperation entails a power struggle over who gets to take money out of the public coffers or who gets to decide things for others , it can create tension and hostility .
For veterans who remain deeply affected , and for their families , the damage caused by severe mental problems can be even more troubling .
Since that federal law expired in September 2004 , `` murder and overall violent-crime rates have actually fallen .
In a similar puff piece on August 19 , the New York Times offered this amazing comment , apparently intended as a compliment : `` But economists say Mr. Bernanke 's most important accomplishment was to create staggering amounts of money out of thin air .
He was , in other words , an artist , creating beautiful objects -- ironically depicted here as not cutting the flowers , a minimalist act that beats even Duchamp 's signing of his `` Fountain '' -- neither for others nor for personal fame but for the pleasure found in beauty alone .
It created no enemies and made him `` effective at representing the firm '' with clients , recalls another colleague .
`` There is a clear difference between qualifying jobs to meet the ( Energy Center 's ) contractual requirement with the state and actively seeking to create a perception of ( it ) as an active , successful , going concern , '' wrote the official , according to Fort Bend Now , a local news website .
I still have my trapline to check , more vermin to kill , feeders to fill , fence to check and fix , guitars to abuse , food plots to disc and plant , barns to sweep , trash to burn , cedars to cut , chainsaws to adjust , and a flat tire on an ATV to get unstuck and fixed .
These estimates are crude , because it is very difficult to separate the effects of the different conjectured influences on crime rates , and it is especially difficult to gauge the likely effect of changes in the criminal justice system -- for example , dramatically reducing prison terms while dramatically increasing the number of police .
I saw that during the Clinton administration , where two excellent appointments were in effect vetoed by the financial markets , one because she had demonstrated a concern about discrimination in lending , the other because he seemed too concerned about encouraging economic growth and full employment .
The scene , which Lady Greystoke remembers only as `` an awful dream , '' is suggestive of rape -- `` screaming with rage and pain , the ape flew at the delicate woman , who went down beneath him to merciful unconsciousness '' -- though Bur-roughs is careful to make sure that the assailant , hit by a bullet from Clayton 's gun , dies just before penetration .
Under the best of circumstances , with perfectly accurate and timely scientific data , and fishermen who are always wise and cooperative , it would still be tricky to balance the long-term health of the fish stocks , the economic interests of the fishermen , and the interests of the general public .
As to this , Dr. Drexler offers this short list of MM advances : `` Inexpensive , efficient solar energy systems , a renewable , zero-carbon emission source ; desktop computers with a billion processors ( and , I will add , laptops with a battery life of 1,000 hours ) ; medical devices able to destroy viruses and cancer cells without damaging healthy cells ; materials 100 times stronger than steel . ''
Where conviction kills , an amused and vivacious nihilism -- or , more cynical still , the affectation of nihilism -- will look attractive , no matter how self-serving .
As a person in frigid water loses fine motor abilities just seconds after being submerged , the special rope is designed to be secured around the distressed person 's wrist or arm with only gross motor movements .
And before you brag about the talent or courage you share with some illustrious kinsman , remember that the exponential mathematics of relatedness successively halves the number of genes shared by relatives with every link separating them .
And according to the Greenberg Quinlan Rosner post-election poll , white working-class women voters , in particular , chose terrorism and security ( 35 percent , up from 28 percent in late September ) over the economy\/jobs ( 25 percent , down from 39 percent in late September ) , the Iraq War ( 25 percent ) , and health care ( 9 percent ) as their most important voting issue .
But even if one accepts the Austrian school argument that an absolute proof using the scientific method is not possible because of the many variables in a modern global economy composed of billions of actors , analysts can still look at the global macroeconomic data and find a statistical correlation and conclude which thesis appears closer to finding the cause .
This ruling-class offensive has been justified by deflecting blame for the economic crisis from Wall Street financiers on to working people .
There are stories of maids being burned with hot irons , scalded with boiling water , sexually abused by male employers and then physically abused by jealous wives .
Prosecutors argued that Flowers , angry about his last $ 80-paycheck supposedly being held back to cover the cost of the ruined golf cart batteries , stole a pistol , walked downtown to Tardy Furniture , shot and killed four people , pocketed the money from the cash register and ran home .
When that broke in 2007 , the virtuous circle turned into a vicious circle of falling housing prices , reinforcing declines in mortgage credit and rising rates of home foreclosures that further depressed housing prices .
These attempts to insert the book into partisan disputes have the opposite of the intended effect , reminding the reader that American politics is largely framed in `` us versus them '' terms and creating the impression that the author would just as soon change someone 's party affiliation as change his or her mind on the issues .
Were China to engage in a dump of dollar assets , there might well be global abandonment of U.S. debt , forcing the Fed to hike interest rates to protect the U.S. currency .
What to grow , how , where ; how to prioritize land use ; irrigation ; transportation ; storage and processing ; the uses of animals ; all these facets of agriculture will have to be debated and decided by producers who are not driven by Wall Street numbers and market share .
This problem is exacerbated because using your Social Security account number or birth date as a password is a great convenience for them .
Some may protest that he is only playing himself , without appreciating how difficult that unique acting challenge can be .
( ... ) according to the Rape , Abuse and Incest National Network , one in six American women is a survivor of rape or attempted rape .
Medical debt is a problem in its infancy , and the entry of well-established banks along with new upstarts offering credit cards and credit lines creates the potential for exploitation and abuse .
But there are moments of strange , otherworldly naivete , as when Kafka , in a paper on setting insurance premiums and the need to convince employers of the Institute 's prudence , opines that `` a handsome sum is certainly appropriate as compensation for accidents that have serious consequences , and no employer will even consider advocating parsimony in such cases .
India 's elite intelligentsia , inculcated into `` rational '' conduct and no longer outraged by suffering , assessed the costs and benefits of militaristic violence .
We resent Auto-Tune not so much because it is non-human -- we put our faith ( and , increasingly , our affection ) in electronic devices every day -- but more because the power it ap-plies , in providing a way to sing in perfect intonation , seems superhuman and , in practice , indiscriminate .
Nowhere does the ideological balance of the Court inspire more hope and woe than among the combatants in the abortion debate , the veritable Super Bowl of the culture wars .
Bear gall , too , is renowned for its healing properties : According to a pharmacy pamphlet , bear gall will `` protect the liver and brighten the eye , clear up and remove evil heat , diminish inflammation and relieve pain , benefit the gall and remove stone .
Part of the solution is changing the mind-set of the residents , replacing the alternating feelings of inadequacy , hopelessness , passivity , and defensiveness with more productive emotions and cogitations .
TNA 's well-placed source believes the CCP had hired an out-of-town contract killer to murder Allen Leung .
Sure enough , as our Washington bureau chief David Corn reports , pollsters have been surprised to find that while Americans are angry about the economy , they often blame not the bankers , but politicians -- and even themselves .
If the first resort is to drugs , the doctor could readily miss , and fail to treat , the actual root cause of the problem .
( Of course , one might conclude that such an argument is really a claim that coincidence , or `` dumb luck , '' is responsible for America 's founding .
The court ruled that private persons may not sue over the government practice of rendition and torture of terrorist suspects because the defense would require the government to compromise `` state secrets .
While the legal terrain going forward is uncertain , the practical effect of Citizens Unitedfollowed by an important appellate decision , SpeechNow.org v. FEC - has been momentous : the birth of the super PAC , a political action committee that can take unlimited , but disclosed , money from corporations , unions , and individuals to be spent independently on candidates .
The whole implausible performance was intended for federal officials , who had threatened to prosecute whites for killing Indians over the control of land .
Despite being amongst such difficult competition as The Cross , Disney 's A Christmas Carol , Knowing , Not Easily Broken , The Soloist , and Tyler Perry 's I Can Do Bad All By Myself , this movie prevailed through its inspiring true story of compassion and motivation .
The series was unsigned but was written by a NMC member , Charles A. Conant , and made the usual arguments for elasticity , but added additional functions that the central bank could play , including manipulating the discount rate and gold flows as well as bailing out failing banks .
Storage capacity can be increased by increasing the mass or the rotational velocity , but in either case you run into the limiting problem of increased centrifugal forces that eventually lead to mechanical failure and destruction .
With virtually the whole Republican Party aligned with McCarthy , the hearings , unlike those held sixteen years later , were bitterly partisan and tainted by expressions of doubt about the very loyalty of the governing party .
The four suspects running the operation had beaten several of the victims with a curtain rod , wooden sticks , and pistols as punishment for not paying the extortion fee .
They also resolved that `` As Persons very commonly in Conversation use bad Grammar it is determin 'd that in the Meeting free liberty be taken by all present to criticise upon each other 's Language .
Because of what Manzi calls `` causal density , '' in which the number and complexity of potential causes that give rise to a phenomenon increase dramatically , making it difficult even to identify all relevant contributing factors , much less to hold all but one constant .
The aggressive arrogance common in agent handlers makes them ill-suited superiors .
In framing a government which is to be administered by men over men , the great difficulty lies in this : you must first enable the government to control the governed ; and in the next place oblige it to control itself .
`` It does n't bother me , because I 'm not doing anything wrong '' is a common reply to warnings of danger .
And the comedy runs deep : it is not trivial , for while it depicts absurdity , pomposity , and even cruelty , it has the curious effect of reconciling us to life even as it lays human weaknesses out for our inspection .
Using a knob to control volume levels and a foot pedal to fade the various effects in and out , Douglass played his laff box like an organ , creating appropriately joyous crowds on the fly .
Markets can therefore elicit and amplify good information and silence ( by punishing ) bad information .
His main emphasis was on organization - the need for business to create a standing political operation in Washington whose power could be `` assiduously cultivated '' and `` used aggressively and with determination .
Seventy-seven percent strongly agreed with the statement that `` an effective probation and parole system would use new technologies to monitor where offenders are and what they are doing , require them to pass drugtests .
But now , in a truly public society , they must listen to what we say , whether we 're using Twitter to complain about a product or Facebook to organize a protest .
Not only did the loss of former affluence and the destruction of the old moral ethic humiliate the human pillars of society : in German minds democracy and republicanism had become so associated with financial , social , and political disorder as to render any alternatives preferable when disorder threatened again .
The House Rules Committee , dominated by reactionary Southerners , kept Kennedy from passing even an increase in the minimum wage , let alone his campaign promise-the cornerstone of his legislative agenda-to extend Social security to cover medical care for the elderly .
For example , many observers pointed to the fact that nominal interest rates were close to zero during much of the Depression , concluding that monetary policy had been about as easy as possible yet had produced no tangible benefit to the economy .
Shortly after her death , her father , Frank Burroughs , started the Abigail Alliance for Better Access to Developmental Drugs , a nonprofit organization , which fights to ensure that cancer patients , no matter how sick and weak , can have their insurance companies buy any experimental drug that has passed safety testing .
The standard monetarist explanation for the Great Depression is that the Federal Reserve , instead of pumping more money into the economy as it should have done following the October 1929 stock market crash , instead closed the money spigots , causing a credit crunch that led to bank failures and unemployment on a massive scale .
Such problems drive home a critical flaw in the paradigm of energy independence -- namely , that energy is n't a zero-sum game anymore .
Though one scholarly article argues for an association between the opening of the supermax and a reduction in aggregate violence against guards , the effect was both small and of extremely short duration .30 Nor did this limited correlation extend to a reduction in violence against prisoners , even though such assaults , too , may lead to a transfer to Tamms .
But there was also Vincent van Gogh , whose most simply and eloquently limned les-sons in the emotional power of colors and lines had been wrested from the anguished days and nights of a man who could not stop working for fear that if he did he would surely go mad .
Stocks , for example , are underpinned by future expected company earnings ; the value today of those future flows goes up when interest rates are lower -- so any cut by the Fed is welcomed by stock-market investors .
First , current energy regulatory policy cripples the development of American energy and keeps us dangerously dependent on foreign energy sources .
By sitting on stuff , by letting it rot , hoarders flaunt their `` bad '' old stuff -- which makes a mockery of our `` good '' new stuff and our irrepressible impulse to scrap what 's obsolete and upgrade at Amazon and Overstock and the Apple Store .
Numbers are particularly effective in this regard , as has been famously noted by remarks attributed to Benjamin Disraeli and Mark Twain about the three kinds of lies -- namely , `` lies , damned lies , and statistics .
The group can grow larger still if not only cheaters are punished , but also people who do not punish cheaters , and so forth .
At Capital Offenders , an examination of past abuse is not a card played in an attempt to deflect responsibility but rather a starting point for a conversation intended to heal .
That Winkler-Koch won every lawsuit but one ( and that verdict was later overturned when it was discovered that the judge had been bribed ) is evidence enough that the full-frontal legal assault on the upstart Koch was inspired by no higher motives than envy and greed .
The Secretary of Health and Human Services is authorized to use your claims data to issue you reports that measure the resources you use , provide information on the quality of care you provide , and compare the resources you use to those used by other physicians .
In reality , comparing the results from yearly tests only weakly indicates how well students and schools are achieving -- unless students take identical tests from year to year , which could not be done from a practical standpoint because students would cheat .
Many Cup Makers will quit because when the money is being made trading and renting cups , any cup will do , and there is little reward for making better cups and it is very expensive to try .
Envisioning Champ and his master gamboling across the grounds of the Naval Observatory , one is struck by how much Biden himself resembles an overgrown pup : friendly , open , enthusiastic , a shade uncontrollable , and so damn happy .
Some lobbied the local or state governments to enact laws prohibiting certain substances , especially alcohol , but others used persuasion and encouragement alone to effect change .
`` In effect , the G20 leaders have activated the IMF 's power to create money and begin global ` quantitative easing .
The idea here is to ameliorate the attribution problem by eliminating the `` it was n't us , it was private hack-ers '' defense that Russia and China have invoked when criticized for cyber attacks from inside their borders .
Bullard concludes that `` the conventional wisdom is that Japan has suffered through a ` lost decade ' partially attributable to the fact that the economy has been stuck in the deflationary , low nominal interest rate .
What dominated at the Modern in 1938 was Gropius 's vision of a school where individual expression was subsumed in the creation of a new visual order , what he called `` a new and powerful correlation of all the processes of creation .
It means choosing to believe that we still are a people prepared to listen to calm reason , to see through deceitful demagoguery , to choose positive appeals to those that slander and demean , to accept the necessity of rational trade-offs in the interest of our children and their futures .
Nagging by music critics is quite fearsome enough ; pity the musician thus nagged by music critics ' mothers .
It is easy to lament freedoms lost ; not so easy is to assume ( or re-assume ) the responsibilities implicit in the freedoms we once enjoyed .
Teri came up with a creative idea to help both daughter and family : she designed a smiley-face drawing that people could download from her website or pick up at designated locations , and then color and use to write encouraging messages to MacKenzie .
Groopman 's How Doctors Think recounts many serious mistakes but also several heroic diagnoses made when doctors spot things others have missed .
He repeated my question to the four other journalists at the table , and they offered a grim checklist : increasingly violent tribal conflicts , widespread food insecurity , waves of former exiles returning to their homes eager for jobs in a country with few opportunities to offer them .
Multiple studies have shown that severe odors can cause health problems , including depression and stress that can lead to chronic hypertension and heart disease .
As ( Clifford Irving ) , Richard Gere , who normally competes with Bruce Willis for the title of Most Morose Star , revives much of the energy and charm that made him a delight in the underrated 1983 American remake of Godard 's `` Restless .
From a criticism that opposes itself to easy and therefore misleading solutions , a criticism that seeks to refine values and ideas , skepticism descends quickly into a position that negates the impulse to solution itself .
He correctly notes that the security services target terrorist organizations and are often successful in identifying them because even small cells operating together must communicate and have logistical needs that make them vulnerable to detection .
Away from the field , he was cordial to fans , including those who somehow took pleasure in telling him how much they enjoyed screaming insults at him from the left-field stands .
Irrigation systems were destroyed ; water wells were poisoned with human and animal corpses ; pottery vessels were broken to make carrying water impossible ; foodstocks were annihilated ; cattle were killed or looted ; fruit trees were cut down or burned ; agricultural tools were smashed ; mosques and Korans were desecrated ; buildings were torched .
Von Pohle asked Eber why and Eber became violent telling Von Pohle he was going to kill him .
Serving 12 to 20 years for aggravated assault and battery , and attempted sexual assault , Shuck , who is 60 , has been here since May 2006 .
It is very different from the dynamic that emerges from intergroup competition such as gang warfare or the most extreme sports rivalries , as manifested in distinctive symbols , clothing , and heroes , plus an intense focus on expelling outsiders and punishing traitors .
Second , as noted , reason can often argue for evil as easily as it can for good .
In using the word `` wrongful , '' Congress apparently did not anticipate the unintended consequences that would result , when the legislation was eventually challenged in the courts .
Particularly in dark moments of doubt and uncertainty , a stubborn , confident idealism has often illuminated an unsuspected path , shown a better way .
She stated , under oath , that Letterman seriously abused her by causing her bankruptcy , mental cruelty , and sleep deprivation since 1994 .
Indeed , that was the very cause of the crisis : Wall Street had created financial products so complex , and so distant from the actual underlying values of goods and services in the economy , that its banks no longer had any idea what they held and how risky it was .
Of course , such a dollar absolutely kills the export and manufacturing industries , but it makes consumers and the government feel very good , so the government does n't want to do anything that might interrupt the flow of that foreign capital .
But mergers like Morgan 's make Spitzer 's task more difficult , because they create multiple opportunities for conflicts of interest .
A key assertion that Nisbett makes to argue that genes have nothing to do with the black-white IQ difference is that blacks have cut the deficit by more than one third over the past 30 years , implying that we can expect smaller differences over time .
`` A devil , a born devil , whose nature nurture could not pick , and whose nurture nature can not kick '' : this would have been a less musical but more accurate way for Shakespeare to have penned Prospero 's line .
It would be nice to see a more vigorous defense of the substance of family life , which I agree is to care for one 's children and other family members , including one 's spouse .
The Cowboys is a story of maturation , of boys becoming men by facing hardship and hard work , tough discipline and sudden death , and ultimately , by fighting a believable gun battle against hardened outlaws who murder Andersen and steal the herd .
The fiscal troubles of the states are unfolding in the context of a deeplyembedded public distrust of government that has been engendered over decades by individuals actively hostile to government and by organizations that promote a small government , low-tax ideology .
Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney quipped during the first presidential debate on October 3 of President Obama 's much-touted $ 90 billion in `` green jobs '' subsidies : `` I had a friend who said : you do n't just pick the winners and losers , you pick the losers . ''
In his new book , Make It In America : The Case for Reinventing the Economy , he argues that the United States is at a tipping point - if manufacturing does not make a comeback soon , the opportunity to do so will slip away , and the nation will inevitably lose its status as an economic powerhouse .
The East India Tea Company was suffering a lack of sales and lowered the price of its product below the price the smugglers were charging for their teas .
IT 'S THE HEIGHT OF CHUTZPAH for me to envy the mother in Henry Roth 's Call It Sleep -- she 's a bitterly poor im-migrant in a walk-up in Brownsville , New York ; I 've got a babysitter and an apartment on Riverside Drive -- but I felt a twinge of envy anyway when I reread the novel last year .
Lee is intensely private , and of the many lessons promoted in the exceedingly didactic To Kill a Mockingbird , the final and most deeply felt is of the moral importance of leaving shy people alone .
`` I plan on teaching my kids how important it is to live within your means and hope to teach them the value of a hard-earned dollar , '' Ketterer said , echoing sentiments held by untold generations of mothers and fathers who likewise hoped to see their kids live better , more secure and happy lives than the generations that preceded them .
Having twenty-four hours of programming time available each day is both a blessing and a burden to cable news networks : a wonderful opportunity to program all kinds of news in all kinds of ways , and an intimidating amount of time to fill with quality content .
`` Positions were sometimes argued rather aggressively in ( the first ) Bush ( administration ) , but disagreements were sorted out in private , not by public utterances that got out ahead of agreed policy , '' says a Bush Senior NSC staffer .
They 're worried about whether they are good people , whether their children will grow up to be good , and whether our social environment permits and encourages people to be good .
In other areas of Hfe , decisions are made based on whether a particular use of a dollar is a good value as opposed to other uses ofthat dollar .
An elitist assumption is that people do n't change because they are either ignorant of their problems or ignorant of solutions .
The value of relationship marketing is that it allows many kinds of information besides price to travel up and down the food chain : stories as well as numbers , qualities as well as quantities , values rather than `` value .
( 45 ) In fact , when an Asian student rejected by Harvard filed a complaint of racial discrimination with the U.S. Department of Education earlier this year , the Harvard Crimson denounced his charges as `` ludicrous , '' arguing that student diversity was a crucial educational goal and that affirmative action impacted Asians no more than any other applicant group .
The increase in home-ownership , he speculates , may not only keep unhappy couples together but may cause anxiety because homeowners are responsible for repairs and upkeep ( `` when you rent , you do n't have to think twice before pouring some glob down the drain '' ) and homes become `` potential profit ( and loss ) center ( s ) , '' eroding the boundary between work and home .
He was not in favor of unlimited experiment ; he was in favor of a rigid control from above , a despotism of inspired prophets and policemen .
He says he harbors no resentment toward the government of Singapore : He is angry at his home government for depriving him of a job , not at Singapore for giving him one .
This , as Laurent shows us , dis-pleased some of the audience , and de Baecque conveys that the effect of giving this prize to Truffaut was as if an agitator outside a palace had suddenly been made king .
It is also possible that the presence of the aluminum with burning magnesium created a thermite reaction that cut through some steel beams in certain areas .
Whatever the political motivations , switching to U-5 would ratify the growing popular sense that the headline unemployment number teaches us less about how robustly the economy is generating jobs than about how many people have given up and left the work force .
One would create a cabinet-level intelligence `` czar '' with more firm control over the nation 's sprawling $ 40 billion system for collecting and analyzing information about security threats .
Yet , because there was no perfect solution to the security situation , America ended up doing little , except for massively aiding the victims .
The British parliament , meanwhile , dismayed at the destructive effects of runaway inflation in the colonies and under pressure from British traders who resented being paid for their wares in nearly worthless colonial scrip , promulgated two Currency Acts , in 1751 and 1764 , to rein in the insanity .
In using the word `` wrongful , '' Congress apparently did not anticipate the unintended consequences that would result , when the legislation was eventually challenged in the federal court system .
The bald and square-jawed actor Ed Harris has played American heroes and psycho killers since first drawing notice as astronaut John Glenn in 1983 's `` The Right Stuff .
For example , a section sub-headed `` Severe Pain or Suffering '' states : `` The key statutory phrase in the definition of torture is the statement that acts amount to torture if they cause ` severe physical or mental pain or suffering .
In many cases , the murders are simply classified as `` burglaries '' or even `` accidents '' and ignored , so the true murder figures are certainly much higher than officials admit . ''
In spite of these cautions , one can still argue that the government has an interest in promoting homeownership as a way to provide secure housing and a mechanism for savings .
Thompson talks with , and quotes , many ofhis colleagues , some of whom are furious at their working conditions , others of whom viewtheir jobs , however implausibly , as stepping stones to better times , all of whom find some way to laugh through the hard times and take joy from the little things in life . ''
Some of that recent work has earned its favor : The Western Canon and Shakespeare : The Invention of the Human are rich works of popular criticism .
For monetarists , the money supply and money demand are aggregates , so their description of inflation leads monetarists to assume that a change in the money supply leads to a uniform change in the price level , affecting all market participants equally .
Maloney says the guards he 's met over the years tell him he does a convincing job playing `` that certain guy '' who makes their jobs hell .
The standard seems self-evident : the value of a 50 percent probability of a given outcome is half the value the outcome would have if it actually occurred , and in general the value of any choice under uncertainty is dependent on the values of its possible outcomes , multiplied by their probabilities .
As Wall Street told Kirkpatrick , giant firms feared `` getting caught in public rage over the perception that Wall Street titans profiting from their government bailout may use their winnings to give back to Washington in return '' ( `` Financial Giants '' ) .
But rather in the spirit of the 1952 presidential campaign 's arguments over who lost China , the battle is already on to define who lost the economy and what to do next .
Fifteen days after that killing , Malasi dragged 18-year-old Ruth Okechukwu from a car that she was in with a male passenger and stabbed her repeatedly ( though England also has strict laws against carrying most knives ) , killing her .
Meanwhile Richards trashes the father of rock 'n' roll as a cheapskate who cheated musicians out of songwriting credits and toured with inferior , poorly-paid musicians : `` Chuck Berry was a big disappointment .
I talked to a lieutenant in the department who was in charge of crisis intervention training , teaching officers how to deal with the mentally ill .
`` Yes , '' he said , `` these individuals do have strong philosophic disagreements on various issues , but they all stand for challenging the status quo those special interests who control our federal government .
A relatively stress-free home life has the same benign effect on the 5-HTT gene , which helps regulate the brain 's production of serotonin , a neurotransmitter likely linked to depression .
Rather , it 's the typical Southern ( and Celtic tribal ) reaction to seeing his sister-in-law , Martha , whom he admired romantically from afar , and her family suffer the Comanches ' rape and murder .
He argued that even unsuccessful primary challenges have a positive impact by motivating voters , identifying new activists , and preparing candidates for future campaigns .
Overall , I knew that although no one individual typically creates current events , sometimes individuals can discern when current events create special opportunities .
In between , workers made virtually everything else : they forged the steel components , cut the teeth in the pliers , even made the screws , springs , and rivets that made the locking pliers unique .
Things change and what you were trying to solve disappears and a new problem takes its place ; or your solution itself creates another set of problems and they require another fix , which leads to more complications .
If voters take the promise that `` nothing will change '' too seriously , there is further risk of a backlash , because things will change .
Abstract : For several decades , the debate over the myriad problems of America 's inner cities has been dominated by two schools of thought : on one side , liberals who have emphasized the structural factors ( racism , poverty ) at their root ; on the other , conservatives who 've stressed the behavioral pathologies ( out-of-wedlock birth , criminality ) they believe are to blame . ''
Under the circumstances , President Obama might have given the economy a bigger boost by foreswearing an old-fashioned , deficit-spending stimulus and instead declaring that , effective immediately , he would not authorize any federal spending of borrowed money unless it added convincingly to the country 's capacity to produce a trade surplus that would permit the eventual liquidation of foreign-held federal debt .
55 ) : `` As there is a degree of depravity in mankind which requires a certain degree of circumspection and distrust , so there are other qualities in human nature which justify a certain portion of esteem and confidence .
That meant that , even if a given asset had long-term value and might eventually be sold for a profit , if its present value was very low , that current low market value was the value banks must carry on their books .
To address all four levels of the challenge , American Solutions is working to identify and promote positive solutions that can help create a better America , and to energetically oppose the bad policies that threaten our prosperity .
It is usually thought that congressional discretion to create or not create inferior courts means that Congress could deprive those courts of all jurisdiction or of jurisdiction over particular classes of cases .
No matter how committed or hard working the officers are , without a strong presence on the job , they will become frustrated at how hard they work and how little they achieve .
Lembke uses a longer line , with five stresses , and she uses the same number of verses as the original , and numbers the lines .
These strategic lies benefit the collectivity , unlike selfish lies , which benefit a particular individual or group of individuals .
As Morrison relates , to all attempts at calming her , she responded with sobs , `` protesting , after several hours of agony , ` Just leave me alone .
The efficiency of the system is the product of the optical efficiency ( percent of incident sunlight captured ) times the thermal efficiency ( percent of solar radiation absorbed by the receiving tube ) , times the thermodynamic efficiency of the Rankine cycle generator .
093-10 , posted on February 3 , 2010 , announced that two soldiers , Captain Daniel P. Whitten , 28 , of Grimes , Iowa , and Private First Class Zachary G. Lovejoy , 20 , of Albuquerque , New Mexico , `` died of wounds suffered when enemy forces attacked their vehicle with an improvised explosive device Feb. 2 in Zabul province , Afghanistan .
To address `` private sector vulnerabilities to cyber war , '' as well as the more general problem of malware used for attacks and exploits on private and government systems alike , he would establish a system that scanned every Internet communication transiting the United States for known malware and removed any infected communications for examination and perhaps elimination .
Recipients hated it for forcing them to cheat in order to survive and then treating them like dirt because it suspected them of cheating .
An honest man never changes his name , because his honesty makes it honorable .
On one tier are the writers , filmmakers , musicians , and other creative professionals who work alone or in consort with others to create a work of `` art , '' the original content .
It 's great that , instead of getting bored or into trouble , personnel at Bagram can use their spare time to work on college credits and then reward themselves with an Earthquake Blizzard .
None of these arguments made any impression on Obama , who threatened to veto the bill .
Another avowed Islamist militant , Private Naser Abdo , still faces trial for his attempts to purchase weapons that he intended to use in a Hasan-like attack .
The problem of course is that the attempt to capture and cover every eventuality in this way is not only futile but counterproductive , since it creates opportunities for the unscrupulous to benefit by gaming the system , often by flouting the spirit of the rules while staying within the letter . ''
When 180,000 pages of e-mails and other documents failed to produce a smoking gun , the focus shifted to the argument that the Energy Department broke the law by promising to repay investors before taxpayers .
This outcome would be good for the economy , since it would reduce the cost of medical care to patients , but the argument was not on the radar screens of the people reporting on the issue because the idea that reducing the wages of doctors could be positive is simply an alien notion .
Leadership in production of high-tech lenses helps explain why Japanese companies dominate the world market in everything from television studio equipment to endoscopes .
You knew by people 's reactions that you two were abnormal-the way the nasty ones were too nasty and the nice ones too nice .
And while he argues that torture should never be legal , the group takes no official stance on America 's war on terror or overseas engagements .
But in spite of-or because of-all the criticism , Klein s book is a financial success , debuting at No .
The dinosaur extinction theory was too valuable to one side of a political argument about nuclear weapons to be decided on its scientific merits .
Lead poisoning from old pipes and paint can cause neurological damage , which may result in lower intelligence , disabilities , worsened job prospects later in life , and higher rates of criminal activity .
Without diminishing in any way the numerous instances of kindness and generosity by which they have been blessed , Steve and Melissa told WEAU this small , unique gift was the act that turned their story from sad to happy , and from `` devastation into disbelief .
The reasons include stressed caregivers , troubled parent-child relationships , dangerous neighborhoods , and inadequate schools and community supports .
As the polls and media pundits have pointed out , many Americans are angry about this financial crisis , angry about a rescue plan that seems to bail out Wall Street more than them , and frustrated with the lack of clear solutions being offered by politicians .
The 1970s brought the creation of the Libertarian Party , the Cato Institute , and the Reason Foundation , followed shortly thereafter by the Ludwig von Mises Institute .
But where a panel is divided , the lawyers will seriously advise their clients on how strong or weak the case is , resulting in many frivolous cases being dropped to avoid the risk of having to pay all the costs for both parties .
With their uncompromising devotion to a perfect love , Shakespeare 's tragic lovers -- Romeo and Juliet in particular -- end up destroying themselves , while Shakespeare 's comic lovers learn to accept some form of compromise in their passion , settling for a less intense but more durable kind of romance , namely marriage .
Even as China scurries to strengthen its safeguards - indeed , because China will strengthen its safeguards-production will drift to Vietnam and other nations where labor is cheaper and regulation more lax , says Rachel Weintraub , the director of product safety at the Consumer Federation of America .
Viola Davis plays the victim 's mother , who , to Sister Aloysius 's shock , explains that she is at least relieved that her son 's latest admirer is a kind gentleman .
As a result , it is certainly true that talented writers with unapproved views often find it unnecessarily difficult to reach the audience and to achieve the influence that their work deserves .
They could do that by `` showing not a moment 's dismay on Nov. 4 '' and resolving to `` emerge smiling , confident in the knowledge that we weakened those ( adversarial ) walls , that they will never again stand so firmly against us .
Beset by criticism from both parties ( if enjoying some disturbingly positive remarks from Rudy Giuliani and the Wall Street Journal ) , Obama has held his ground , arguing that he represents `` change .
Ann prized truthful directness in nearly all things ; by all accounts she was cheerful , disorganized , restless , idealistic , and easily moved to tears ; and her parenting style included occasional resorts to guilt .
Coaches who treat their athletes inhumanely , using force and fear to motivate them , should not be rewarded with lucrative employment contracts .
During the 1920s boom , the National Civic Federation abandoned its mediating role and became obsessed with Bolshevik influence on the labor movement ; the Ford Foundation , which was founded in 1936 , may have crossed over the line in the late '60s when , among other things , it funded a voter-registration drive for a mayoral candidate .
The credit-driven component is the consequence of banks showering credit cards once again on consumers and the result of auto sales and lending , as auto companies desperately tried to keep sales momentum going with discounting and attracting financing deals for new car purchases .
It is human to want to blame your troubles on someone else and , in the case of American blacks , that message rang true because for centuries their troubles were caused by someone else .
California allows its citizens to openly display and carry unloaded weapons without a permit , but many gun advocates complain that the state is too restrictive when it comes to issuing licenses to carry concealed weapons .
This view is held by those who accept legal positivism , who further argue that individuals who comply with unjust or unlawful orders are not accountable for their actions , since they were simply obeying the law .
In this scenario , utility companies would store energy in the form of compressed hydrogen during times when their nuclear plants have excess generating capacity , and then use the gas to fuel turbine generators during peak periods when the plant 's generating capacity is strained .
More likely Bernanke simply employed the common-sense view of interest-rate determination through the supply and demand for financial assets ( interest rates thus being inversely related to the price of financial assets ) , which is the classical economics view , in contradiction to Keynes , but without consciously intending to be anti-Keynes .
Furthermore , when the Statist exercises authority arbitrarily , substituting his own ideological preferences for the rational decisions of tens of millions of individuals operating in the free market , he not only creates short-term misery , such as shortages and price spikes , but also long-term misery , because he discourages longer-term investment as well .
It was hellish and brutal , and I consider it one of my greatest accomplishments , I suppose because it just hurt so bad .
That legislation laid out a strategy for reforming Medicare over the next decade : It financed research and experiments to test methods for improving quality and controlling costs , set targets for reduced growth in spending , and created a new mechanism - the Independent Payment Advisory Board ( IPAB ) for making politically difficult decisions to reach those targets .
She took classes ranging from anger management to child care , received counseling on domestic abuse , and was assessed for alcoholism .
Prices generated by free consumer purchases and producer competition for inputs guide decisions about what to make , how to make it , and in what quantities .
New digital technologies have made it easier for innovators to discover what works and to partner up to make good solutions even better .
It is a grave weakness of Runciman 's work that nowhere does he even attempt to confront this argument .
If the right developed a broad set of ideas based on smaller government , tax cuts for the wealthy , and deregulation during its time in opposition , the liberal left slowly found consensus during its years in the wilderness around a new agenda of moderately more active government in the areas of health care , retirement security , business regulation , and mobility .
Long-term effects include panic attacks , depression and PTSD ( post-traumatic stress disorder ) .
Fifteen days earlier , the killer , Roberto Malasi , had also killed Zainab Kalokoh at a baby-christening party , shooting her in the head , before robbing the guests of their valuables .
More often than not , they were successful in battle , but each success ( and sometimes spectacular failure ) sapped the strength of the giant .
But Gretchen did know how Ben would `` tear up '' sometimes , like when he was fired from the bank , even though he said it was no big deal , or how he only stayed for five minutes when he visited his dad 's grave , or how he used to wake up in the middle of the night shouting .
Immobilized people are often so controlled by painful demons that they act compulsively and destructively to flee their pain and one such demon is shame .
The feedback mechanism is success or failure and profit or loss based on the choices made .
An independent commission would indeed be politically embarrassing -- the CIA would go ballistic ; Democrats and Republicans would blame each other for having signed off on torture ; and the country would be distracted from the economy and Iraq .
Intelligence sources agree that Asgari provided the key information that led to the NIE judgment on the suspension of Tehran 's nuclear weapons program in 2003 .
The sharp political minds in both parties know that for a generation shaped by the attacks of September 11 and an era of vanishing middle-class economic security , the culture wars are dead , at least among swing voters .
These include `` increased incidence of death and serious illness '' ; `` increased risk of damage to a number of crops '' ; and `` more intense precipitation events ( very likely , over many areas ) , '' causing `` increased flood , landslide , avalanche , and mudslide damage .
Only a few weeks after his return to the fort , Colter was guiding a large party of natives -- Flat-heads and Crow -- to Manuel 's Fort , when a party of more than 1,000 hostile Blackfeet attacked .
Ronald Reagan and George W. Bush argued that tax cuts for the well-off would promote the common good by spurring economic growth ; Bill Clinton argued just the reverse , that tax increases on upperincome families would better serve the common good by reducing the budget deficit , which would increase investment and accelerate economic growth .
Leuchtenburg 's verdict on the cause of the divorce seems the most balanced : Race played the dominant role in the critical period , but differences over taxes , spending , and the overall reach of government-sometimes intersecting with race , at other points operating independently-exacerbated the tension .
What has to be created in its stead , through a massive struggle for our commons , is `` free associations of the producers , '' a society in which the means of production ( part of the commons ) will be accessible to all and people will create and freely self-determine which collective association they want to engage for mutual productive activity .
Investopedia goes on to explain that central banks `` tend to use quantitative easing when interest rates have already been lowered to near 0 % levels and have failed to produce the desired effect .
The first problem with global warming is that the global warming alarmists will not debate or open their so-called research up to scrutiny and criticism by other scientists .
There is , therefore , an investment risk that crude oil prices could drop so low that liquefaction plants could not compete .
I was trying to play a man who gets dirty , who sweats sometimes , who enjoys kissing a gal he likes , who gets angry , who fights clean whenever possible but will fight dirty if he has to .
Because the reality of the time is , as you well know , that we abandoned the Soviet people like dogs and that we resigned ourselves , truly resigned ourselves , to their poor destiny .
Among the biggest advantages of having a lot of money is you live more comfortably , you eat better , you have better medical attention , your work puts less strain on your muscles and bones , your life is safer , and you live longer .
They know that even the dumbest products and ideas can gain acceptance because advertising imagery does not appeal to intellect but exploits a human , genetic , sensory predisposition to believe what we see .
This is why Marx puts into relief the analogy between the critical element in the historical development of Christianity and a somewhat better understanding by the bourgeoisie of its reproductive order when it assumed a less mythologizing attitude towards its own mode of production .
Although he regards himself to this day as a true free trader , he argues convincingly that the world economy has changed in ways that render the classical case for free trade inapplicable .
Symptoms range from memory loss , fatigue , irritability , mood swings , and a change in sleep patterns in milder cases to loss of co-ordination and balance , seizures , migraines , confusion , and agitation in more severe instances .
In its first year of production , an explosion , apparently caused when aluminum dust was ignited , rocked the plant , killing four workers and injuring eighteen others .
Cordova had been killed in the December 17 gun battle in Cuernavaca that also took the life of Arturo Beltran Leyva , known as the Mexican cartels ' `` Boss of Bosses .
And producing recycled paper causes 74 percent less air pollution and 35 percent less water pollution , while it creates five times the number of jobs as producing paper from trees .
Amazonian soy growers , pushing aggressively into uncultivated lands , ship their very profitable product to customers as far away as China via a $ 100 million waterway that runs from growing areas in Brazil 's Mato Grosso state to a grain port at Itacoatiara on the Amazon .
They sometimes do this because of the reduced environmental impact , but mostly they do it because it makes good business sense -- not something companies usually bother to tell their customers .
An even simpler structure would be to pay bankers in subordinated equity-like securities that have low interest rates and take first losses in any future financial strain , thus enabling them to join the taxpayers in the pleasure of rebuilding the institution 's balance-sheet capital position .
Lind argues that he is simply keeping faith with Hamilton 's original vision , which provided the dominant economic agenda for the first 180 years of U.S. history .
Adapted from a stand-up routine broadcast on Comedy Central about a decade ago , this parable is not intended to inspire mockery of the homeless or other unfortunate people . ''
And , as in court cases involving common shoplifters and petty thieves , punitive damages are supposed to provide both a punishment and a deterrent effect .
Anger and ingratitude are a toxic brew that produces not only unhappy people , but destructive ones as well .
Intimidation , deception , and assorted trickery have long been staples of American elections , practiced with equal aplomb by both parties and by operatives working with ( or without ) a nod and a wink from party leaders .
Through better code -- in better legislative rules and in better technology -- its aim is to make it trivially easy to get access to records suggesting influence , and then link those records automatically to the possible influence that they suggest .
Argent has a loan product for pretty much any customer : borrowers whose income is n't enough to justify a mortgage , borrowers with horrific credit scores , borrowers who want to buy a second home , who want to pay interest only for five years , who want a 40-year mortgage . ''
Just because he was not a card-carrying Communist Party member does n't mean he did n't have 100 percent progressive politics , which he brought into all his work , even when his conflation of folk song with protest song hurt the cause of folk music .
There are good slippery slope arguments and bad ones for good ends and bad ends .
He told her to get dressed so that he could kill her and then kill himself .
Further , Jencks and colleagues argued , we suffer from attribution bias in that we ascribe successes to personal qualities and failures to bad luck or outside forces , especially when those successes and failures are our own .
She admits she got mad when staff made minor mistakes , but she defends the practice : `` If the percentage of college tuition increase on page thirty-six is different from the number on page sixty-three , I 'm going to call them up and say , ` This is n't good enough .
Epstein argues on both sides of this issue by railing against restrictions that purportedly limit the industry 's freedom and ability to take risks , while also supporting regulations that reward the industry and protect it from competition and public accountability .
Sanger said she was agitated and disturbed in her early years which led to much bitterness in her life .
The Internet has made it harder to sustain high profit margins , not because readers are abandoning news but because publishers have not yet figured out how to make more money from their websites .
The best hope for bridging this new gender divide lies in creating social policies that would allow new generations to create the families they want rather than the families they believe they must settle for .
There 's a danger , however , for the media-reform movement in aligning with such groups-a danger also faced by similar lobbies focused on procedural issues like those seeking expanded ballot access for minor parties , easier voter registration , and campaign-finance reform . ''
This myth will not survive 10 minutes ' exposure to Ravel 's creations , where jewel-like exactitude usually coexists with a fervor that is seldom far removed from actual agony , a passion that should have invalidated for all time Stravinsky 's simplistic description ( intended to be flattering ) of Ravel as `` the most perfect of Swiss clockmakers .
The contradictions in current global drug policy mean the same drug that generates income for farmers and workers and profits for the pharmaceutical industry in rich countries , criminalizes poor people in Afghanistan who cultivate poppy for an illegal market in order to survive .
Yet if `` nice reviewing '' has attracted few explicit defenders , a number of today 's critics nonetheless seem to share a tacit understanding that it is somehow indecorous -- what used to be called bad form -- to come out and say that a book is bad .
For example , while the drug companies agreed to make some concessions , the Democrats agreed not to require direct negotiations between Medicare and the industry that could cut drug costs .
In the last week of February , the Federal Reserve and the Treasury Department both announced that the federal government may convert the shares of preferred stock it already owns in Citigroup and other banks into common shares , thereby acquiring voting fights and a greater measure of outright control over the institutions .
The burgeoning market for home automation technology already features products and systems for computer control of many home functions , from controlling high-tech audio-visual entertainment systems and security systems , to Internet connectivity for kitchen appliances , and control of lighting and heating , ventilating , and air conditioning systems .
Even if the dangers are often overblown , this fear of unintended consequences is natural , though it regularly leads to wrong conclusions and bad policies .
With a two-party system , when one party fails to deliver results that the voters consider acceptable , voters have the power to remove that party from power , giving majority control to a different governing philosophy .
The tail of the monkfish is especially prized for its delicate flavor , while ingesting puffer fish flesh can lead to serious illness or even death from tetrodotoxin poisoning .
To a certain extent food prices must increase as the oil price increases because large quantities of energy are used for so many agricultural inputs from fertilizers and pesticides to production and use of farm machinery .
They both rejected a common moral code for political life : Machiavelli because he believed good men can learn how not to be good ( and be rewarded for it ) , Weber because he placed moral judgment in the hands of the ruler rather than those of the community .
The company has pioneered environmentally friendly and biologically based pest control products like Serenade , a biofungicide that protects crops without leaving any chemical residue or harming beneficial organisms like bees and wasps .
He would much rather have hypocrites encouraging bad people to behave well than to have authentically good village elders encouraging good people to behave badly .
Losers come to Las Vegas in hopes of feeling like winners , if only for an evening , and winners come to Las Vegas because they can afford to lose once in a while .
You also will likely be required to commit a violent crime , such as assaulting or knife-slashing a rival gang member or even an innocent stranger in the face .
Serfdom ( which might more aptly but perhaps less memorably have been entitled The Road to Tyranny ) argued that collectivism always leads to tyranny , as the inefficiencies and shortages brought about by central planning encourage the mistaken perception that more government is needed to `` fix '' all the problems .
While this philosophy has produced a bevy of beautiful products that are tremendously popular with the general public , it would be wrong to ascribe Apple 's suc-cess to superior design alone .
They enjoyed lower blood pressure and lower somatic and mental morbidity , as well as more favorable behavioral indicators , such as number of sick days and physician visits .
How much easier , then , to choose notorious villains who lacked defense groups and antidefamation organizations .
After all , plenty of crappy products have been successful simply because of good marketing or PR .
When it comes to averting catastrophic global warming , all three candidates have proposed the same essential scheme : They would each create a cap-and-trade system , in which the government would set an overall limit on dangerous emissions , auction off pollution permits , and then allow companies to trade the permits among themselves .
News poll found that the worsening economy is Americans ' number one concern , yet candidates ' positions on the economy are not creating a base of support for any of the leading presidential candidates : Clinton , McCain , or Obama .
First , both globalization and technological change have made education the dominant line of cleavage in contemporary society , with effects not just on economic opportunity but on many other aspects of life .
`` New Hampshire conservationists had high hopes for how $ 18 million in funding generated by the Regional Greenhouse Gas Initiative ( RGGI ) might advance energy efficiency projects , '' wrote columnist Fergus Cullen in the New Hampshire Union Leader earlier this year .
Recently , as Obama 's popularity sank , even among Democrats , and as the economy has continued to flounder , he has changed course , calling for $ 400 billion in new spending and tax cuts to create jobs ; but the odds that Republicans will go along with him seem low . ''
( How using Stark 's high-tech weaponry to pillage one mud-brick village in the Hindu Kush gets him closer to world domination is n't explained .
Indeed , one of the main things you can do with fast broadband connections is use them to get reliable phone , video , or videoconferencing services , thus giving the cable and telephone industries direct incentives to avoid rolling out new products that would compete with the ones they 're already selling .
As I argued earlier , the efficiency argument hangs on identifying and measuring all costs and benefits of either distributional mechanism .
Homeowners tend to treat their property better than renters do ( just as car owners treat their own cars better than cars they rent ) , therefore increasing the value of that property and the property of their neighbors .
The killer an obviously deranged 20-year-old -- allegedly shot and killed his mother at the home they shared before going to the school , Where the carnage he created finally ended when he put a gun to his bead and took his own life .
If you cut up a picture of dogs playing poker into a jigsaw puzzle , those with the ability and obsessiveness to reassemble it successfully will feel quite pleased with themselves , but it 's still just dogs playing poker .
It included such marvelously entertaining pulpy hugger-mugger as a genius who invents an impossible energy-generating machine that shuts down a corrupt statist government , which tries to fight back with a death ray built by a mad scientist .
But despite the fear , chaos , and damage the demonstrators inflicted , organizers and protest leaders were quite happy with the demonstrations .
Slaughter , discovering that his captives had freed themselves of their bonds , tried to break into the bedroom , again threatening to kill .
While that might be mostly true for city streets and boulevards , it is not a problem for limited-access highways , where entry can only occur at certain points and charging for use is easy thanks to 21st-century electronic tolling , which is eliminating toll booths altogether .
While Mayor Bloomberg proposed this as a simple exclusion of certain items from the list of products that could be purchased with food stamps , it would almost certainly lead to a situation where there would be a substantial number of products that fell into a gray area ( for example sweetened ice tea ) .
And remember , despite all of the arguments continually recited by all of your Idiot Friends , we are still a free country .
Their reputation as killers intimidated even the neighboring Jivaro tribe , a fierce band of headhunters whose children were required to recite a list of enemies each night as they went to sleep .
Manufacturers of components are intimately aware of critical problems-such as the need to reduce the weight of the turbine components , make blades lighter , make generator transmissions more durable , and make solar-energy inverters , which convert direct-current solar electricity to alternating-current solar electricity , last longer .
It is important to note that , other than Jimmy McCarty , ( and rare moments with Gene Cornish of The Young Rascals , Roy Clark , and Eric Clapton many years later ) , I would be the only really hard rocker to ever attempt to milk extreme , screaming , aggressive , outrageously loud sounds from this rather rare jazz guitar .
The labor market flexibility agenda attacks unions and labor market supports such as the minimum wage , unemployment benefits , employment protections , and employee rights .
Failing that , they will be threatened with every species of defamation and public humiliation should they fail to play along .
The male victims used that opportunity to attack , using whatever implements were handy .
As this issue of reason was going to print , the Supreme Court heard three days of oral arguments about the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act , better known as ObamaCare .
As most of Herseth 's House Democratic colleagues buckled to corporate pressure and helped pass a free-trade deal with Australia in 2004 , the first-term congresswoman attacked her GOP opponent for supporting the pact , arguing that its provisions would undercut American ranchers .
The gnawing resentment of creative talents who never achieved what they desired or never received the breaks they felt they were due is a rich , stubbly grown-up subject that deserves better than the gentle spray of ironies that Gopnik employs whenever a fanciful notion dials his number .
Though he stuffed two hours with family killings , he omitted the deep racial-tribal motives that caused the troubles in , for instance , the Atreus clan .
The ethics committee has even issued guidelines for congressmen on how to get around new rules that prohibit lobbyists from throwing parties in their honor : they were told to make sure the parties are honoring more than one member of Congress .
Knowing that he could n't take a chance that the men might be violent , he pulled a gun that he kept on hand because his delivery drivers get robbed so often , and he shot Hicks , killing him .
The economist Mancur Olson argued that the influence of narrow interests can immobilize a democracy and prevent it from addressing the broad public interest .5 Such influence , like some cancers , grows slowly , but it can be fatal to the efforts by elected representatives to do what the vast majority of Americans need them to do .
Lawmakers reasoned that allowing corporations to jump into a campaign might give them unfair sway over successful office seekers ; even if it did not , it would create the impression that wealthy people and organizations can buy influence with the candidates they support .
But Libya produces more than two percent of the world 's crude oil supply , so taking that much crude oil out of the global supply chain in a tight market has a significant effect on the prices of both crude oil and gasoline .
Because by the time mad cow arrived on the balance sheet , they 'd already moved on to researching how to extract the porcine stress gene , thereby rendering pigs numb to further factory farming abuses .
Nightly newscasts reported `` no known motive '' and focused on the gunman 's anger , sense of isolation , and preoccupation with violent revenge .
Economic security is defined as an assured basic income ; threats to it include unemployment , temporary work , precarious employment , self-employment , and low and insecure income .
In fact , because making ethanol is so energy intensive , debates are still ongoing over whether ethanol creates more energy when it is burned than is used in its creation .
That 's likely because increased costs are passed on down to low-level slingers who are more inclined to cut their product with talcum powder than risk being undercut by competitors . ''
Whereas technology was once responsible for displacing American jobs , our companies are now coming up with productivity-enhancing new products and processes each year , such as 3-D printing , an efficient way to create all sorts of useful objects by layering material onto design forms , thus eliminating waste and tooling costs .
Yes , he acknowledged , if the Real ID deadline passed without New Hampshire 's compliance , the federal government might make good on its threat to bar residents from traveling on airplanes using their driver 's licenses for identification .
`` It 's a petty , spiteful , stupid thing to do , but if that 's what they want to do , you know , go ahead .
The `` anti-slavery enterprise , '' as Charles Sumner called it , battled against great odds , often in tense relation to men of the Lower North such as Lincoln , who were regarded as unreliable and too eager for compromise .
A once-pathbreaking American industrial innovator , whose manufacturing processes had been successfully modernized by a company that was the anchor employer for an entire community , was sold not because greater economic efficiencies could be achieved elsewhere , let alone because quality or distribution could be improved .
Thomas Aquinas , the thirteenth century Dominican friar , wrote passionately about freedom , virtue , and the importance of individuals gradually acquiring the capacity to make better choices .
Yet one might argue that the more affected the faith , the more humble because nothing is more humiliating than being called on one 's pretensions .
If value is based on objective inputs like labor , then trade is always , at best , a zero-sum transaction , where someone wins because someone else has lost .
Once this happened , higher prices triggered a rise in demand .6 Buyers , frustrated over a string of rejected offers , began to raise their offer prices to the ceiling of their preapproved credit limits and increased the number of homes on which they were willing to submit bids .
While there certainly are villains in this story , however , it is more important to expose destructive ideas than deluded people .
When an economy is weak , very weak as the world economy appeared in early 2009 , attack with overwhelming force .
I have no de-fense to make of dogma , but there is a certain kind of mutability among political intellectuals that makes me nervous . ''
Geithner and Sperling took the first set 6-3 on the strength of their aggressive net play , forcing Summers and Krueger to scramble defensively .
This will encourage people to use their baby-sitting hours sooner , and hence create more baby-sitting opportunities .
There is now a quarter-century of data available in the Forbes 400 series , which allows us to look at the changing composition of wealth on a much longer basis , and over the critical stage of the financialization of the U.S. economy .
As the victim 's body fights the lung infection , the lungs fill with pus and other fluids , cutting off the flow of oxygen and causing the victim to turn colors -- from shades of gray to a bluish purple .
According to the `` Status model , '' novels exist fundamentally as works of art : `` the people who manage to write them deserve extraordinary credit , and if the average reader rejects the work it 's because the average reader is a philistine ; the value of any novel , even a mediocre one , exists independent of how many people are able to appreciate it .
Abandoning his promise of a middle-class tax cut and retrenching on other measures , Clinton opted for deficit reduction in the hope that it would lead to lower interest rates and higher economic growth .
To gain a proper perspective on their own situation in America , Jews might consider a Jewish majority still living in poverty-ridden ghettos , brutalized and frequently murdered by racist police , their children psychologically beaten down in alien schools , while serious proposals are put to the National Academy of Sciences in behalf of theories of their genetic inferiority .
His looks make him easy to pick out in a crowd of Irishmen , which is useful since Loach does n't adequately distinguish between the supporting characters .
The villains are grotesques , and even the benign adult protagonists -- Wonka , Mr. Fox , the centipede in James and the Giant Peach -- are not altogether safe or `` nice ; '' they are mercurial , mendacious figures , sarcastic and brusque and ever so slightly cruel .
What makes this a quintessential scam is that it uses the classic psychological trick mastered by all con men : making people feel dumb for being smart .
There was no security ; kidnappings were endemic ; rapes common ; theft and looting rife ; sectarian armies policed various areas ; society fractured into tribes and families and finally to individuals , alone , terrified , defenseless .
The first one is bad enough , idealizing one bunch of desperate killers -- but idealizing the weaker bunch of killers is even worse .
And before you brag about the talent or courage you share with some illustrious kinsman , remember that the exponential mathematics of relatedness successively halves the number of genes shared by relatives with every link separating them .
People are angry about having their interests ignored , with how easily political leaders get distracted from what they ought to be doing , with the degree to which they are self-serving and corrupt .
Publishers desperate to wedge their wares into the declining number of pages that the declining number of magazines devote to books eagerly send stacks of free copies . )
`` One of the biggest stresses in life is the threat of loss of income , loss of job , loss of health insurance .
That may yield some better results on policy , since it makes it harder for the party to take movement support or acquiescence for granted .
Keynes worried about stock market speculation , because he thought that speculators based their decisions on guesses about the psychology of other investors rather than on which companies had the best prospects and therefore should attract new investment .
Even if genuine intelligence had conclusively shown that Iraq was indeed involved in the 9\/11 attacks and\/or was planning an attack on the U.S. , the president is constitutionally required to obtain a declaration of war from Congress before starting hostilities .
Advocates hoped these changes would increase the rates at which victims reported rapes and make convictions easier and court less traumatizing for victims .
In our disabused era , when so many people are reluctant to argue for a work of art that makes particular demands on the audience , Warhol 's insistence that cutting-edge contemporary art is easy to make and easier to like comes as a cathartic revelation .
Also , to dismiss this as `` energy being lost '' ignores the fact that the quality ( usefulness ) of electrical energy produced is far greater than the heat content of the coal being burned .
Abstract : A number of factors have been blamed for these escalating costs-an aging population , defensive medicine practiced in fear of lawsuits , new medical technologies , the fact that medical supply ( of hospitals , doctors , procedures , and drugs ) tends to generate its own demand .
It does , however , create new opportunities for long-term cost containment , and the challenge will be to make the most of those opportunities .
Studio executives or production executives who get financing from studios do not have to instruct such a young director to cut a feature very fast and put in a lot of thrills , because for their big movies they hire only the kind of people who will cut it fast and put in thrills .
One neurological study found that images of starving children stimulate the amygdala , the part of the brain that reacts to threats , which might actually shut down compassion .
Their primary interest in high-minded objectives , however , is in determining which arguments for the legislation they favor are most likely to convince voters that supporting it at the ballot box is the moral thing to do .
Certainly the cheering coliseum crowds of the Roman Empire favored their bread and circuses over the difficult and dangerous tasks that their ancestors had undertaken during Rome 's rise to world greatness .
On the top lies authority , an orientation that values traditional family , religiosity , emotional control , and obedience .
Money to charity eases the problem ; money to justice destroys the problem .
We hold these Truths to be self-evident , that all men are created equal , that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights , that among these are Life , Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness .
The judge made this order despite finding that the child `` is generally likable and well liked , social and interactive with her peers , academically promising , and intellectually at or superior to grade level .
A terrified nation anxiously waited to see if the terrorist attack would cause a stock market crash when the exchanges opened the following Monday .
Faced with the darkest days of civil and foreign wars , economic depression and recessions , weak leadership at home or aggressive , hostile threats from abroad , the American people always had faith in the uniqueness of our democratic experiment , which produced the greatest engine of economic growth , the most influential culture , and the most far-reaching effects of innovation .
The sudden surge in demand for safe U.S. Treasury bills led to huge losses for those who had used them as hedges for their purchases of private financial assets ( since the price of Treasury bills rose while that of private financial assets fell ) .
Store your treasures in heaven , where moths and rust can not destroy , and thieves do not break in and steal .
This holds true because the overall efficiency of a coal-fired power plant ( where most electric energy is derived for electric cars ) is limited by thermodynamic laws to about 35 percent , while use of a reactor for heat to run the Bergius coal-to-liquid process is nearly 100-percent efficient .
Legally speaking , killing in anger , when no other crime is involved , is third-degree murder .
And so , romantic encounters at the tideline aside , riverbanks , deltas , and sea coasts were important , because they offered a fantastically rich and regular caloric harvest -- a side benefit of which was the presence of iodine , which boosted fertility .
They will have great incentive to do so because , unfortunately , the harder it is to create a forgery , the more valuable a successful forgery becomes .
Under the normal rules , a candidate using the `` fighting '' message appeals to working-class voters and the standard Democratic interest groups to win the primaries , then makes a move to the center for the general election .
Ray and his brother Dave -- the group 's lead guitarist and an important architect of its sound -- have since enjoyed low-profile but impressive solo careers .
The control of the U.S. auto market by the Big Three automakers through the late 1970s allowed for secure employment with good wages and benefits for a large group of workers with limited education .
While extreme exposure to sunlight can lead to sunstroke and death , and lesser amounts cause sunburn and increase chances of skin cancer , moderate sunshine stimulates our bodies to create vitamin D that is necessary for good health .
But whether authors are happy or not , it is critical to recognize that the free access that this world created was an essential part of how we passed our culture along .
Toward that end , The Pew Charitable Trusts , along with the Foundation for Child Development and the Joyce Foundation , created the National Early Childhood Accountability Task Force , which has just unveiled recommendations for states on creating accountability systems to track-and improve upon-child and program performance .
Abstract : The Larry Franklin , a Soviet intelligence analyst at the Defense Intelligence Agency until he learned Farsi and became an Iran specialist , spy probe punctuates the fierce feud within conservative circles over how to go after Iran .
The problem of crafting better meta-rules is the same as that of crafting better rules : We know what the problems are and might even have some good ideas about how things can be improved .
The good news is that an appreciation of human psychology can make the holiday season not only less expensive , but less stressful and more fun as well .
Since Medicaid is now the third largest revenue source for statesjust behind sales and income taxes - this change alone could make a significant difference in how states weather downturns .
Spending time with original sources can make you realize that history is always ( if you are honest ) composed of a bewildering number of factors not easily reduced to narrative .
China is dangerous not ( as many argue ) because of its strength but because of its weakness .
We believe that the state of Israel has the fundamental right to exist , free of military assault , within secure borders close to those of 1967 , and that the U.S. government has a special responsibility toward achieving a lasting Middle East peace . ''
They argue that raw milk is nearly as safe as pasteurized milk and that its benefits outweigh its slightly increased risks .
The court , however , citing Iqbal and Twombly , ruled that plaintiffs `` have failed to allege any facts that would permit the Court to conclude that a manufacturing defect occurred and that the defect was the proximate cause of Amanda Frey 's alleged injuries .
There is no regret or loss here , only a hypothetical increase in surety of all the youth `` thought was true '' that is simultaneously admirable and sadly obstinate .
The Madoff scandal , in point of fact , may have been made worse precisely because investors , already giddy from market gains , consoled themselves that the federal government -- the SEC in particular -- would safeguard them from being victimized by large-scale fraud .
It is an app that allows shoppers to scan the bar code on any item in any store and transmit it to Amazon for purposes of comparison , and if it compares favorably to Amazon 's price , Amazon 's special promotion promises a discount on the same item .
Most dangerous , perhaps , were the growing suspicions and resentments to be found in Muhammad 's inner circle , as well as in some of the mosques -- in Newark in particular .
Outcome measures should also cover the full cycle of care , not just individual interventions : It is important to know the combined results of surgery and physical therapy , because the two together drive patient outcomes and insight about how to improve care .
Because virtually all members of the Iranian elite , including moderate ones , appreciate the value of having nuclear weapons -- they are a symbol of national power , they can be useful for deterring the United States , and they are seen as promoting Iranian dominance throughout the Middle East .
When investments that probably have long-term value are assessed at zero in the short term , balance sheets and capital ratios turn ugly and panicked selling ensues to make them prettier .
The term sound money is especially important to grasp : It is meant to describe a reliable , dependably valued medium of exchange and account , not subject easily to manipulation , which can therefore effectively perform the three functions of money described above , all of which lead to prosperity and an advancing economy .
The used-car salesman gets us to consider buying the special undercoating by making us feel dumb for being skeptical .
To create an SIV , the sponsoring bank buys a large pool of mortgage-backed securities used to create collateralized mortgage obligations .
Indeed , a pseudo-certainty creates the circumstances under which great wishes can father great lies .
There is , for example , the lesson Rubin shares in his book -- `` the difficulties our political processes have in dealing effectively with issues that involve technical complexities , shorter-term cost to achieve longer-term gain , incomplete information and uncertain outcomes , opportunities for political advantage , and inadequate understanding .
Besides providing the fictitious appearance of a genuine free market to attract Western capital and technology , the KGB-Mafia also provides an efficient means for dealing with political undesirables : when a foreign or domestic `` troublemaker '' needs to be liquidated , it can be done with the blame falling on unidentified criminal elements , rather than the State , or communist officials .
As Nagel puts it , `` The appearance of animal consciousness is evidently the result of biological evolution , but this well-supported empirical fact is not yet an explanation -- it does not provide understanding , or enable us to see why the result was to be expected or how it came about .
I agree with the PTC that with the millions of dollars these programs make from advertisers , the maximum $ 27,000 fine for TV stations is a joke , and that the FCC should fine each violation within a particular broadcast .
Although the German economy partly as a result of such means has done better than others in the European Union , there are many reasons to think that trouble lies ahead , and not only because of the recession that has engulfed Europe .
Polities and real estate can make an unsavory combination : More than one Chicago politician , including Obania , has found himself in hot water after accepting real-estate favors from politically interested friends . )
`` The Chinese are the biggest problem we have with respect to the level of effort that they 're devoting against us versus the level of attention we are giving to them , '' former U.S. counterintelligence chief Michelle Van Cleave told CBS , explaining that it was impossible to know the true magnitude of the problem .
Given a choice between fe-rocity and their own best interest , the Baathist leaders have more than once chosen ferocity .
At the same time , Beijing will have to devote more resources and more attention to stabilizing Chinese society , building a national health care system , providing a social security net , and caring for an aging population , which , thanks to the one-child policy , will need massive help from the government to support itself in old age .
When people have gone through that much trauma , people have every right to be scared , to be angry , to be frustrated .
If you want me to do something for you , you have a choice of either convincing me via argument , or forcing me to do your bidding under threat of force .
We should be very thankful for this energy miracle that provides us comfort , improves our health , and gives us more years to enjoy the blessings of life . ''
With perc , the spaghetti sauce vanishes , but the solution itself can cause central nervous system damage , reproductive disorders , miscarriages , kidney and brain damage , and increased risk of several kinds of cancer .
But learning how nature manages that change and how it generates a unified complexity is good tonic for the troubled , careworn human mind .
There is a desperate need for civil discourse that respects honest differences in values and focuses on finding common ground for pragmatic , bipartisan problem solving based on sound knowledge .
Af-ter Republicans gained control of Congress in 1994 , however , Barton developed a useful passion for energy issues , pushing for electricity deregulation ( a boon for the likes of Enron ) and opposing price controls during the recent Cali-fornia power crisis .
Frank Knight , a skeptical , curmudgeonly philosopher-economist with a very important piece of straight economics to his credit , a book called Risk , Uncertainty and Profit , had a profound influence on colleagues and graduate students .
The leader of the project , a prominent earth scientist , says that , `` There 's no way the world can or should take these risks , '' and that , `` The least-cost option to lower the risk is to start now and steadily transform the global energy system over the coming decades to low or zero greenhouse gas-emitting technologies .
The British reviews were indeed largely enthusiastic , but critical praise notwithstanding , sales remained comparatively modest ( 4,662 copies by the end of the first year ) , and initial efforts to market Lord of the Flies ( and its immediate suc-cessors ) in the United States ran into almost as many initial rejections as the manuscript had suffered in England .
This new independent style rejected the old party flim-flam -- including a stridently partisan press -- in favor of a cooler , more detached politics , free of the old emotional partisanship .
It is here that we can see why McCarthy became such an aggressive whistleblower , why her fiction and many volumes of memoir dwell on the dark moments that occur in private life , why she worked so fervently to expose liars .
He contributed signally to the content of the final document , pushing to empower Congress to cut off slave importations , championing the Great Compromise regarding congressional apportionment , helping to defeat Madison 's proposed federal veto power over state laws , establishing the procedures for congressional veto overrides , and banning federal export taxes .
Peek under their clothes and ... well , let 's just say drug smugglers are already pretty creative about how they get their goods through customs .
Many mainstream economists , both liberal and conservative , agreed that rising-wage and income inequality were caused by an acceleration of `` skill-biased technological change , '' meaning that computerization and other advanced technologies were bidding up the relative value of education , leaving the less-skilled worse off .
He argued that wealth ( use value ) should be subsumed under value ( exchange value ) , effectively obliterating the former .
In order to restore the nation , we must remove the sources of economic destruction and uncertainty and replace them with policies that will inspire certainty , confidence , and optimism .
The uncertainties of changing tastes and preferences , changing interest rates for loans , changing prices for necessary inputs , and so on confront enterprises with a vast array of threats to their survival .
And while many reviewers are free to be as unfavorable as they please , and many do pan books , reviews that praise have a better chance of being `` spotlighted '' : out of 32 spotlight reviews chosen at random , 20 5-star ratings and 5 with 4 stars hardly constitute a strong critical showing .
If the AI we create can improve its own intelligence without waiting for humans to make the next innovation , this will make it even more capable of improving its intelligence , which will .
`` More than 2.5 million voters have left the Democratic and Republican parties since the 2008 election , '' wrote USA Today 's Richard Wolf , `` while the number of independent voters continues to grow .
I want to tell their story also , because ultimately this book is about how we can fix the problem and the examples of hope given by those fighting and winning today .
Her party 's failure to challenge the military rule , confront the burgeoning extremist groups , or champion the underclass among whom they have steadily gained purchase helped shape Pakistan into the geopolitical time bomb it is today .
Westerners inured to vicissitudes of life simply were not that bothered by Burr 's killing of Hamilton -- a hated Federalist no less .
And yet reading Koenig and O'Connell , it is hard not to think that such smart , funny , articulate , motivated twentysome-things are wasting a decade 's worth of creative energy , that they would be better off living outside of their own heads for a while .
The main policy reason cited to justify the tax break for mortgages is the belief that it helps increase the homeownership rate , which in turn promotes social stability , responsibility , and wealth creation .
Back before the dawn of the new millennium , years of rampant money creation on the part of the Federal Reserve combined with paranoia over the supposedly insolvable Y2K bug to create the perfect economic storm .
Imus apologized sincerely , knowing he had done a bad thing , but his myriad of attackers had no intention of accepting the confession they demanded .
Now could be the perfect time to finally demand a Middle East peace settlement that is just for both Palestinians and Israelis , thereby addressing the most grievous source of anger among Arabs and Muslims .
There is , to be sure , a good deal of emoting , particularly in the early entries , which are dominated by the usual sorts of adolescent anxieties .
Notwithstanding the evil nature of the Nazi regime , the plot brought to the silver screen by The Counterfeiters does illustrate the fact that the Nazis fully understood that inflation ( increasing the money supply ) can be used to destroy a currency .
Add the broadly shared progressive goal of creating a universal health-care system and a commitment to increased spending on schools , anti-poverty programs , infrastructure , early childhood education , and other social services , and it becomes clear that the necessary revenue can not be found exclusively through efforts to soak the rich .
Currently , education-policy debates in the United States are divided between two warring camps : On one side are `` school reformers , '' who argue that efforts to improve equity for low-income youngsters must focus on fixing failing schools .
`` Our investigation has determined that the owner was in the imminent threat of danger based on items found at the scene , which I can not elaborate ( on ) , '' Scott said .
The existence of more detailed data , and a level playing field in enforcing data provision rules , would benefit business as well by improving the efficiency of trade , while also dampening smuggling of goods and narcotics .
For its efforts to leave no good turn unrecycled , the Olympic Village is hauling home enough Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design ( LEED ) gold and platinum medals to make an Olympic contender green with envy .
The site of what is arguably the world 's leading research program in nuclear energy lies just a short drive from the city of Marseille through the picturesque and romantic countryside of southern France .
The theory of comparative advantage asserts that , within any country , free trade will cause factors of production to be reallocated from economic sectors with a comparative disadvantage to economic sectors with a comparative , advantage .
Unfortunately for Team Webb , so many of the traits that make its candidate so appealing in theory -- his seriousness , his lack of artifice , his self-reliance , his distaste for schmoozing , and his much acclaimed integrity -- in practice make him a problematic campaigner and a downright lousy fund-raiser . ''
Strong vested interests inform each of these explanations : those fighting to open up markets see globalization as playing a minor role ; those arguing for stronger unions see the weakening of unions as central .
Radical left-wing views motivated presidential attackers Lee Harvey Oswald and Sara Jane Moore , while right-wing ideology inspired members of the terrorist group The Order to kill liberal talk radio host Alan Berg in 1984 .
Interpretations of the labor theory of value varied , but it was accepted that value was created in the production process by living labor .
This concept appeals to the reasonable belief that some adolescents inclined toward violent crime or self-destructive behavior need both strong discipline ( toughness ) and compassion ( love ) .
Or rather , they usually mean one of two specific things : allocational ( or Pareto ) efficiency , a distribution that can not be changed without making somebody worse off ; or technical efficiency , the most productive use of available resources .
In 2006 , Kyrgyz security forces , believed to be working in coordination with Uzbek intelligence , killed the popular Uzbek imam who led the mosque , Rafik Kamalov , in a shoot-out .
Working on a case by case basis , JCSOL helps Huntington residents who were screwed out of deposits , wages , wrongfully fired , or whatever the case .
During consideration of S. 1813 , Sen. Debbie Stabenow ( D-Mich . )
\ n He has to change the national consciousness before he can hope to change national policy .
Free elections can in fact lead to the victory of anti-Western and anti-American leaders , while capitalism is just a system that allows governments to harness wealth for aggressive nationalist policies .
And as Robert Kuttner eloquently argues in his book , EverythingforSale , the assumption that getting as close as you can to a perfect market will always make things better ( what Kuttner calls `` the logic of the second best '' ) is highly suspect .
In a quarter of a century , the carbohydrate economy had virtually disappeared , a victim of remarkably low crude oil prices ( the price dropped to under $ 1 a barrel in the late 1940s ) and rapid advances in making an ever-wider variety of low-cost products from crude oil .
In fact , I believe that the current plight of our popular culture is the result in large part of having so many media outlets and so much content to produce , that it is just easier and cheaper to push the envelope , to increase the shock value , to get ratings .
Or men like blue eyes because , since eyes dilate when the owner is interested and since blue eyes better show a large pupil , men will know when women are interested .
These doctrines have provoked outrage from legions of scholars and lower-court federal judges , who have complained that they mandate unjust decisions and grotesquely misconstrue the landmark federal Employee Retirement and Income security Act of 1974 ( ERISA ) .
Seattle 's crime rate is indeed low , but the crime rate in San Jose is actually much lower : one-third lower for homicide or violent crime in general and with less than half the robbery rate .
If Cunliffe manages to resolve the tension present in all those wonderful twentieth-century Mediterranean histories and create a real cultural history of the material world , it is because , despite working with a body of evidence that is fundamentally faceless , he insists on the centrality of the human experience , and finds it .
The biggest danger , however , is n't that a lack of creativity will produce bad fiction ; it 's that an excess of creativity will yield unrealistic scenarios .
Testing is helpful only in solving crimes where exchange of DNA is common and significant , mostly rape and murder .
From 1935 through 1941 , the economy remained mired in the Great Depression , yet Cherokee somehow made the best of a bad situation , paying off the 10-year mortgage lifeline in full in a mere seven years , and bringing Cherokee 's relatively inexperienced new leader to the attention of the rest of the struggling textile sector .
Before these revelations were made public by the KEI post , it was assumed that the USTR would stick to its commitment to work to include rules `` that will obligate Parties to seek to achieve an appropriate balance in their copyright systems in providing copyright exceptions and limitations for purposes such as criticism , comment , news reporting , teaching , scholarship , and research .
They do not belong in government because , as a practical matter , they have little to contribute to it ; they are guilty of taking the myths they helped to create too seriously , and to sophisticated people , that makes them look a bit foolish .
And whereas wage cuts make the entire work force unhappy , layoffs make just the laid-off workers unhappy , and since they are no longer on the premises they do not demoralize the remaining work force by their unhappy presence .
This sounds like 2003 all over again -- when Khartoum chose to fight Darfuri rebels by cleansing the region of non-Arab populations -- only this time with an ugly twist : The lone rebel group that did sign the Abuja deal now appears to be working with the government to target civilians belonging primarily to the Fur tribe .
But I do believe that once our borders and ports are secure , any reform of our immigration laws and policies must be rational , humane , and effective , and they must benefit , not burden , American citizens .
Compounding indirect rebounds throughout the economy can lead to so much additional energy use that the net result of improved efficiency is higher consumption .
The alert citizen should also keep his or her ears open for `` racist or extreme statements coupled with comments that are violent or appear to condone violence '' or `` suspicious comments regarding anti-U.S. radical theology , vague or cryptic warnings that suggest or endorse the use of violence in support of a cause .
Our city is not producing the great player in the numbers that it used to , and it 's not producing the great star the way it used to .
The cloudless skies and tropical beauty of the Caribbean continued to create a holiday atmosphere , interrupted only , as we pulled up to the base , by the huge desalination plant installed after Fidel Castro cut off the water supply .
`` While many scholars agree that about one million people were murdered during the Cultural Revolution ( 1966-1976 ) , '' wrote Kopel , `` the number of people who were starved to death by Mao 's communization of the economy from 1957 to 1960 ( ` the Great Leap Forward ' ) might be as low as one million , or as high as thirty million . ''
I was going to present , in my defense , the abundant evidence that children with televisions in their rooms score lower on standardized tests , but since I despise those tests my hypocrisy meter buzzed .
Because this mode of expression has led to such favorable results in terms of his productivity and ability to thrive independently , he has developed a steely self-determination .
This is violent crime : extortion , assassinations , assault , rape , and robbery .
The IAT for weight bias , for instance , asks subjects to assign positive words ( such as `` motivated '' and `` smart '' ) and negative words ( such as `` lazy '' and `` stupid '' ) to the categories `` thin people '' and `` fat people . ''
Since the helium is not made radioactive by the neutron flux in the reactor , it can be sent directly though a turbine generator to produce electricity or , in this case , used to provide ample heat for the Bergius process .
Google permits companies to buy ads on searches of the names of their competitors , but about 20 companies have over the years argued that buying their names for advertising purposes violates their trademark rights .
He has also been active in the Middle East peace process serving since 1982 as a board member of the International Center for Peace in the Middle East in Tel Aviv , and on the board of Amercians for Peace Now since 1988 .
Other common reactions include a kind of paralysis born of indecision over which is the worse evil , staying or withdrawing , and a Micawberish hope that something will turn up .
With time , these values become internalized , and individuals obey them not solely because they hope to win rewards but also because they wish to live up to their own sense of what is right and wrong .
But real estate interests presumably have no special reasons to oppose medical care , and doctors no special reasons to oppose housing .
We need leaders who can level with voters , offering good news when there is good news , but not afraid to share bad news when necessary .
-- extend the time you have to pay , or reduce your principal .
But as a careful economist , Eichengreen adds that measured as output per hour worked , Europe 's labor productivity is now almost 95 percent of U.S. levels , and Europeans , Eichengreen points out , have far more leisure time than their American counterparts , as well as lower rates of infant mortality , poverty , and violent crime . ''
In Sweden , says Soren Juvas of the Swedish Federation for Lesbian , Gay , Bisexual , and Transgender Rights , a group that fought the right on the Green case , immigrants have become much more vocal on issues like gay rights , and Swedish conservative parties now make a broader play for their support .
Even if just a small handful of smart shoppers make careful discriminations between products , favoring those of highest value and eschewing those of lower value , the effect is sufficient to be transformative .
In other words , how fast benefits grow , how fast the promised benefits grow , if those-if that growth is affected , it will help on the red .
In analyzing whether laws violate constitutional rights such as equal protection or free speech , the Supreme Court has long held that courts should consider whether the challenged law furthers a legitimate state interest .
Ratifying LOST would codify the customs of international law and secure U.S. navigational freedoms in perpetuity , benefiting both the armed forces and the private sector , she argued .
One doctor invented the `` Throat-E-Vac , '' which , after being inserted into the victim 's mouth and creating an airtight seal , supposedly sucked up whatever was obstructing the airway .
Although I would argue that a close examination of the Lynn\/Vanhanen data tend to convincingly refute their own `` Strong IQ Hypothesis , '' I would be the first to acknowledge my gratitude to the scholars whose efforts made my own analysis possible .
He 's also picked fights with other fund managers -- including Griffin , whom he accused of poaching rival employees in a 2005 e-mail that concluded : `` Good luck extracting exorbitant management fees and generating mediocre returns with your bloated organization and ego .
To Bartlctt 's credit , he responded in a calm and respectful manner while Harless , who seemed lo be suffering from serious anger-management issues , came completely unglued .
As a social being , he seeks to gain the recognition and affection of his fellow human beings , to share in their pleasures , to comfort them in their sorrows , and to improve their conditions of life .
When I press Martinez and Anderson for examples of actual harm caused by salvia use , as opposed to hypothetical risks , the best they can do is cite bad but brief trips .
Another proposal , by professor Howell Jackson of Harvard Law School , would use government 's power of eminent domain to take securitized mortgages , compensate the holder at the securities ' ( much reduced ) fair market value , and use the savings to turn the paper back into whole mortgages with steep reductions in interest and principal .
If I give you a $ 50 gift card for Best Buy and you give me a $ 50 e-certificate for Amazon , economists would tolerate the exchange , since no destruction of wealth has occurred .
He threatened to scuttle Tehran 's stock market , and he slashed interest rates -- measures that he claimed favored the poor , but which led to devastating capital flight .
The digital Beatles are invariably depicted together , giddily making recordings that the actual fellows made in piecemeal fashion -- two Beatles working one day , another overdubbing later , Paul subbing on drums because Ringo walked out , John playing lead because George did n't show up -- sometimes in a storm of rampant egos , conflicting agendas , mistrust , and debilitation .
His reluctance will be all the greater if savers are hesitant to part with their money because of their own uncertainties about future interest rates , default risks , and possible emergency needs for cash to pay off debts or to meet unexpected expenses .
As an American report noted , `` The traditionally wealthy and powerful landowning and trading interests had previously seen a threat in the growth of a new group of industrialists and had supported those who advocated the dominance of government enterprise .
By accountability , we are talking about reward and punishment ; without reward and punishment , accountability means nothing .
Family relations , marriage , motherhood , isolation , sex , social opprobrium , anger , friendship , and creativity : all are explored in the study of such women 's lives .
Working from the ground and the air , their pri-mary objective should be to stop attacks by the Janjaweed and , where necessary , confront rebel groups as well .
If you 've had the opportunity to drive a car made before 1930 , you know how much force it takes to apply the brakes , given the lever-and-cable system used to force the brake shoe against the drum .
Its horror stories of alcoholism , abuse , misery , and neglect would be familiar to a New York City social worker , but to the Hungarian public , until then generally kept in the dark about bad news , it came as a great shock .
Meanwhile , one of the gunmen threatened to kill a waitress on the count of 10 if she did n't open the cash register , causing her to become so frightened that she could n't do it because she was shaking so badly .
What Hiss personified , finally , was a social and political type commonly found within its favored class in mature democracies : the covert enemy of the establishment who confidently trades on establishment privileges -- snobbery , social pride , `` old school '' ties , inveterate name-dropping .
You ca n't just follow them because they make you feel good , you have to follow them because it 's going to help the victims , not harm them .
This systematic harassment even violates laws when the `` educational '' efforts become threats and doctors are murdered .
Surely , a brutal campaign in Sunni Iraq would simply produce more hatred of the United States ( and of our Shia partners in government ) -- not merely among Baathists , but among virtually all Iraqi Sunnis and Sunnis across the Middle East . ''
A mass killer is by definition one who makes multiple victims .
After first trying to convince the authorities that he was a robbery victim , Jacques was taken into custody on charges of attempted murder , robbery , aggravated assault , and reckless endangerment .
It is certainly true that high doses of radiation can sicken or kill , and lower but still very substantial exposures can increase one 's propensity for developing cancer .
She uncovered a tsunami of drunk driving , robbery , child molestation , rape , and murder , including serial murders and brutal gang rapes .
He strove desperately to find some guilty party or other to whom he could shift the burden of these recriminations , '' and he decides , much to his relief , that `` it 's all Zakhar 's fault .
Even when it is irrefutable that a policy causes great harm , many who voted for it will defend their vote by arguing that the policy is motivated by good intentions .
The coins ' value appreciated over time because of their natural increase in purchasing power , as the relatively slow increase in the production of precious metals was outpaced by the much faster increase in the production of other goods and services .
In those cases where the experimenter urged care and deliberation , the psychologists concluded , subjects acted on a `` rational '' basis that reduced the influence of unconscious anxieties .
The lame-duck Congress , which will be back in session for a week before Thanksgiving and then again in early December , has a golden opportunity to do something important that would solve a large part of our energy and trade balance problems .
After a few hours , the protest leaders convince the demonstrators to back away before things get ugly .
As Doug Ogden , former director of the Energy Foundation 's China Sustainable Energy Program , puts it , `` It 's not surprising that the lessons the Chinese drew from their international experiences are often based on sprawl development and private automobile ownership and highly energy-consumptive practices , '' since the economies they studied all possess those features .
No study is perfect ; each one is subject to criticism both illegitimate and legitimate-and so if you wish , you can make any scientific stance , even the most strongly established , appear weak and dubious .
Of course , market forces , the balancing of , say , the demand and supply for skilled workers , affected as it is by changes in technology and education , play an important role as well , even if those forces are partially shaped by politics .
In Words Like Loaded Pistols , he sets out to share his enthusiasm for rhetoric , and , with only an occasional misfire , he succeeds admirably , in large part because of his unflagging good nature and offbeat sense of humor .
